everyone in japan has disappeared and now you're
trapped in a deserted city and forced to compete
in deadly games where every mistake is fatal
everything in this world is designed to kill
you but we can outsmart it with five simple
rules to stay alive by the end i will show
you how to beat every single death game that
they have to face i'm going to break down the
mistakes made which you should do in how to
beat the death games of alice in borderland
we meet this guy resu who's living life one game
at a time he looks like a loser but looks can be
deceiving he's an experienced gamer which makes
him a strategist he reads textbooks on math he's
familiar with mechanics and this digital dexterity
is impressive now this might look like a useless
hobby but these games train your brain to make
fast and practical decisions in high pressure
situations also being told you're a disappointment
every day by your family is going to put a serious
chip on your shoulder and sometimes you just need
the right scenario to unlock that part of you
he joins his friend kurubi the bartender and chota
nit guy all of them have had some bad luck today
and wish they could hit the recent button on their
crappy lives karubi here imagines what they would
do in a zombie outbreak and is convinced that his
friend arisu has the most potential to survive
this guy seems to understand everyone's strengths
and weaknesses and this immediately makes him a
leader when things go bad he does have a massive
weakness however and that's situational awareness
as they run out of the road the it guy hears a
loud boom from what looks like strange fireworks
the noise gets the attention of everyone else on
the sidewalk including the station police thinking
they're in trouble they hide in a bathroom stall
the lights go out mysteriously and don't come back
on and everything outside has gone quiet what just
happened the friends leave the stall to find the
entire city is completely abandoned what's even
creepier is that their phones aren't even working
this is seriously unsettling but the
important thing right now is to stay calm
there's a lot of information out there because we
have a whole city to ourselves we don't know what
else has disappeared so i would scout the city to
look for food fire water animals and any signs of
life we won't find all the answers but at least
we can't confirm what we have to work with in
this new reality that night a nearby building
lights up with a message welcoming players to
a game and guiding them to the gm building the
only place in the neighborhood with any power
okay we obviously shouldn't trust any of this
so i first want some protection i'd also grab
a battery-powered flashlight and a backpack before
investigating what's out there they arrive to the
location but nobody is there now i would scatter
the perimeter of the building before entering we
have no idea what this is and we might find out
more from our surroundings they enter the building
and only pass through lasers trapping themselves
inside where they find a table full of phones
they actually work and they all have facial
recognition but they don't have any signal
this is highly suspicious a computerized voice
starts a two-minute countdown waiting for other
players to join that's when this foxy lady waltzes
in and drops a truth bomb there are no players in
the game and running away is not an option this
guy's id tag got shot with a laser and it came
straight down through the top of the building
but it's important to keep calm because critical
thinking and observation will be more important
to you than ever before if we were cautious and
been more suspicious of our surroundings we might
have expected that these lights will learn us here
for a reason we won't survive this new world
without learning how to be observant of every
detail no matter how small another girl runs
in and passes laser grid trapping herself in
with the rest of them if this is a game then
these are either our teammates or opponents
now everything must be thought about in terms of
competition and survival and whoever realizes this
first will have the advantage i would immediately
start looking for weaknesses in my opponents
this woman is dressed to impress but it means
she's more about perception than practicality
she also knows a lot but doesn't seem helpful so
she won't share knowledge without a trade-off for
her benefit and all this means we can't trust
her at all they step out of the elevator into
a square room with two doors live and die and all
they have to do is pick the correct one within the
time limit it's got a difficulty rating of three
of clubs and if they win they'll be released from
the building the it guy starts recording from his
phone this is a great idea because they can keep
track of information as it happens but they should
have been doing this from the very beginning
the woman tells them to choose the door on
the right but doesn't give any reasoning
now behavioral psychologists will look
for signs of line from shifting weight to
defensive posturing and avoiding eye contact this
moment is showing all three so there's no way i'm
walking through the door but we should first think
about the bigger picture here which is geometry
and space we need to figure out the bounds of the
arena and its rules before anything else this is a
fake ceiling i would get on my friend's shoulders
and see if i could remove the panels to get a
better view there's an obvious possibility that a
trap is waiting in the next room so i would even
consider unscrewing the light bulbs and throw them
into the rooms to see if they trigger anything
smoke begins pumping through the floor they're
going to suffocate if they don't do something the
woman pressures the school girl to pick a door
quickly she panics and rushes through a door
getting killed on the other side this is a death
game mistakes are real all three men are horrified
but the woman doesn't blink and picks the other
door they follow after her as the room behind
explodes into flames and this time they have 10
seconds less the woman tries to manipulate the
others to open the next door and arisu here nearly
falls for it but he's too scared the bartender
kurubi decides to take a wild guess and they run
through as the group escapes another close call
each room is giving them less time than before and
they've been lucky so far but unless they find a
pattern here they're all going to die now with
deductive reasoning we can extract quite a bit
of information to help us decide which doors to
choose next we know there are at least three rows
of rooms for the door patterns from where they've
been so far and that we're on the left-hand side
of the building because there are never doors on
this wall also the rooms are square so the three
rows can make a grid of 9 or 12 depending on the
shape of the building itself but observation here
is the key to beating this thing because if we
were paying close attention to our surroundings we
would see for the evacuation map that the building
is square therefore it must be nine rooms total
and by the process of elimination it tells us
which rooms are safe from where we've already been
arisu here figures this out another way since he's
a car fanatic he remembers the model and length
of the bmw downstairs and uses it to calculate
the building's dimensions he then measures the
room size of his feet to extrapolate the complete
layout of the game this is the moment that hooked
me into the series strategies like this just
blow my mind and the theory works perfectly as
they make another escape until they reach the
last room when he realizes something's wrong
they're in the back left corner of the building
the die door doesn't lead anywhere at all but
if they take the live door they'll be back in
the trap room where the schoolgirl died he's
completely stuck okay every building is required
to have a stairwell for fire escapes and we
haven't seen one yet based on the evacuation plan
we can be confident that the exit is to the right
but if i wasn't sure i'd encourage the woman to
open the door first she's more likely to trust me
if we made it this far but if i'm wrong at least
it's on me or my friends to pay the price the
gamer remembers his friend was recording and asks
to look the french video recording confirms that
there's no door on the other side of the room they
barely make it out as the it guy burns his leg
they finally exit the building and get a message
that they've beaten the challenge the woman finds
a playing card to the three of clubs and their
phones say they've each earned a three-day visa
which begs the question if they're not in japan
where are they suddenly another player walks
down the alley seeing his visa expires today
the group watches as a laser falls in the sky
killing him instantly that's when the power to
the whole building shuts off again they've got
to find another game to play to extend their
own visa because if they don't it's game over
okay it looks like we could be here for a while
so now is the time to start thinking about shelter
food weapons and lifestyle changes canned food
is the obvious choice to start because it's quick
stores well and there's a lot of it but it's not
going to last forever it will need to learn how to
hunt cook and garden long term i would designate a
nearby park to plant and harvest vegetables squash
potatoes and beans are filling high nutrients and
easy to grow a lot of if there's no electricity
it means no refrigerators so cabbage will be good
because it can be fermented into kimchi and stored
for a nutrient-rich meal then i had dinner the
woman tells them she's been here for three whole
days when the guys have only been here for while
so when everyone disappeared it happened two
days earlier for her how is this possible arisu
realized this means time doesn't work the same
way here the ity guy thinks there might have been
an emp bomb because after he saw the explosion the
lights went out but with all the missing people
and the death lasers from the sky we should know
there is no natural explanation for any of it
somehow we've crossed a border outside the normal
world and we're playing by different set of rules
every game has a designer and we have to find out
who that is the only way to do that right now is
to play more games to look for clues on that note
we can't assume every game will be exactly the
same others might be different types of challenges
and we need to be ready now we can actually tell a
lot from the system they chose this was the three
of clubs which is a low card so it tells me there
are a lot more games to play and they're going to
get a lot harder i would be training to improve
my conditioning work on improving memory functions
and observational skills and calming techniques
like i was in a marshall special forces boot camp
and for a gamer who sits in a chair 14 hours a day
this is a major adjustment that needs to be worked
out immediately later that night the two friends
make a plan they'll join a game hoping to win and
buy time to find a doctor for their friend's leg
this it guy is an asset but if he doesn't heal
he could get them all killed in the game this is
why friends shouldn't enter games with each other
because there might be serious injuries that
affect the group or even games that only have
one winner if we split up we can all be winners
and learn from each other about the other games
mining information faster is how we all survive
and thrive they join the game where they get new
phones and see a lot more competitors than last
time this one is going to be intense this guy is
even using the electricity that charges music
player which is smart to take advantage of the
electricity when we have it but those old cassette
players are battery powered something suspicious
is going on there these guys look battle tested
and have probably been here for a really long time
i would try to learn everything i can
for them to better adjust this place
because people in knowledge are the most valuable
resources here they're also the most dangerous
the game is a five of spades the number represents
its difficulty well the suit represents what kind
of challenge it is in this case it's a game where
physical ability has the advantage a player tells
them clubs represent team battles diamonds are
challenges of intellect and hearts involve games
of trust and betrayal this one is a game of
tag everyone must run away from the attacker
and they've got 20 minutes to find a safe zone
before the building explodes they all spread out
looking for a strategy as the tagger reaches the
top floor it begins the hunt now this guy wants
to funnel players downwards because there's
a laser blocking the exit below and a chase
is always easier downhill that's exactly why i
would position myself at the top floor in the
corner near this pole because i can slide down or
climb up quickly and i can access it from every
floor it also leads me to the roof which keeps me
completely safe these guys check the rooms for a
safe zone but they're all locked they hear gunfire
upstairs and peek around the corner narrowly
docking a stream of bullets the guys run and hide
behind a wall as the killer continues downstairs
it's risky but this is the perfect time to strike
we can't run forever and the majority of this
building works in his favor because they're long
narrow hallways but the stairwells give us the
advantage because he can't shoot around corners i
would sneak up behind and push him down the stairs
and into the wall he'll probably put his arms
up to stop his fall and it might free the gun
giving us a chance to grab it the gunman goes on
a killing spree taking a few more contestants out
as the two friends move to a better vantage point
the killer turns in the direction but doesn't see
them and the gamer realizes the mask impairs his
vision now they know his weakness the gamer yells
to the other players that if they call out his
location they can find the safe zone as a team
and stop the bomb this girl is the first to try
as she yells out the killer's location and climbs
up to the next level this girl is scaling the
building like a freaking ninja the bartender wants
to ambush the killer and this guy agrees he's also
a tactical genius because he's able to figure out
the killer's height weight and level of training
just from watching it but arisu here notices
something else both this soldier and his henchmen
have locker key wrist straps even though this is
a life and death situation this little detail is
important because it might mean they have valuable
things to lock up and hide if either of them dies
i'm coming back and taking it off their wrists
the climber girl offers to help check the first
and second floor for the killer it jumps down
the gamer goes looking for the save zone with
the climber girl's help while the soldierly
bartender plan to ambush the killer it's a good
plan because the killer will be distracted away
from the main objective and they can beat the
game this guy lures him out of the stairwell
but the soldier doesn't come to help and the guy
gets shot to death he's devious he was waiting so
the killer would empty his magazine suddenly the
soldier sprays the killer with a fire extinguisher
dodging a wild spray of bullets and now he's out
of the ammo they take turns fighting him and this
killer is tough even taking several stabs on the
bartender like it's nothing and he slices a bloody
wound into the man's side meanwhile arriso here
tries to figure out where the safe zone is and
spots the door the killer shot at it doesn't make
sense that the gunman would shoot from so far away
unless he's protecting something he's also not
the only one who realizes this as another player
shows up it's the same guy with the music player
arisu here slowly opens the door and takes a look
inside a quick note if i'm opening this door i'm
doing it from the other side because i don't know
what's coming out of there it doesn't hurt to
have some metal in front of you until you can
confirm there's no threat inside they spot a door
and investigate but there's another killer and the
two survivors have to run but the player slams
a taser into his side and the killer collapses
further what we saw was him actually
charging his taser which he made from scratch
this guy is really clever but it wasn't enough
to keep him down he runs into a room and realizes
he's now trapped in the safe zone where he
sees two buttons to stop the bomb but both
must be pressed at the same time he yells at the
location of the safe zone and that he needs a hand
now i would still give this a shot i can't
stretch far enough but i could take off my
shoes and throw them hard at the buttons
to beat the game the killer breaks in and
a resume here tries to fight him off luckily the
climber chick hops through the window and stuns
him with the stranger's disguise taser with one
second left they jump for the buttons making it
just in time the killer takes her mask off and
looks terrified as the collar suddenly explodes
these killers were actually players and they
were playing against us for their survival
downstairs the bartender finds a walkie-talkie on
a dead player it hears two phrases the answer is
in our hands and return to the beach and he's not
the only one looting this guy finds a note on the
killer with a strange design it's not clear what
this means but this is a lot more important than
you might think i would definitely be checking
every dead body for anything useful or maybe
even something i can learn from them every piece
of information is valuable especially when answers
are so hard to come by the friends return with a
warm welcome they're grateful to be alive and the
group discussed what to do with the information
the bartender heard on the walkie talkie okay this
thing is really useful because we can now listen
in on our opponents we need to use everything to
gain a competitive advantage over others they
might talk about game strategies or food and
weapon storage locations all this information
could make the difference between life and death
the next night the group leave for shibuya
to enter another game hosted at the shinjuku
botanical garden this one's going to be unlike
any other they walk in and see a table weapons and
some high-tech headsets okay if there's only four
people here and they're laying out weapons i'm
thinking this isn't going to go well for any of us
but when push comes to shove and you have to kill
weapon selection is important here it needs to
be light enough to wield and run with but also
very sturdy it also doesn't say you can't choose
two i would pick the hammer and the hand axe both
are single hand weapons easy to swing and neither
of them will break from heavy impact when they
put on the goggles the headsets lock around their
necks and turn on recognizing the players with an
advanced eye tracking feature the game they will
be playing is simple hide and seek difficulty
seven of hearts and we know hearts are about trust
and betrayal this is about to get real ugly one
person will be the wolf the rest lambs and whoever
finds the wolf becomes the new one however to win
this game you must be the wolf by the end of 15
minutes whoever is the lamb afterwards will die
okay this is terrifying and trust is so important
here as soon as i see that this is the game of
hearts i'm keeping a close eye on this one we saw
her throw someone under the bus in the first game
and she'll do it again if we aren't paying
attention the first wolf is chota the i.t guy
and tries to remove the collar but is worried he
might explode if he does he turns and makes eye
contact for risu gear and suddenly he becomes
the wolf realizing the pattern this one gets
everyone's attention tricking a resume to look
at her she steals the wolf roll and runs away
the wolf is not the hunter but the hunted because
only the wolf will be alive by the end of the game
the bartender chases her but he's too far behind
she ducks behind a bush to hide from the man
trying to stab the wolf until time runs out this
girl is all about survival but she needs a better
strategy to hide because she's wearing heels which
make distinctive marks they could use to track her
down if i was the wolf i might consider climbing
a tree nobody can lock eyes with me even if they
climb up to get me i can kick them down when they
try the bartender finds her it doesn't hold back
but the woman slams a rock into his wound and
they end up making eye contact now he is the wolf
except his friend arrives and locks gazes with him
he gets cornered by the two of them who fail to
convince him to switch roles this is why they call
it a hardscape because the game designers want you
to choose between your life or your friends there
might not be a way for all of us to win but we
have to try this is a botanical garden and there's
water here so maybe if we all look at the same
point in the water and our reflections everyone's
headset will register eye contact turning us all
into wolves and we'll all survive the woman goes
to attack him but his injured friend tackles her
to the ground and tells him to run a respirator
dashes off the hype and tries to remove the
headset he's about to clip it but he remembers
seeing the collars explode in the previous
game and refuses to go out like a coward karuga
hears distraught and starts hunting for his friend
urisu here is very emotional when he doesn't want
them to go out fighting and tells them he will
sacrifice himself the bartender hears this and
has a change of heart since the very beginning
he always knew his friend arisu at the most
potential of them all and he must survive
the gamer tries to find them but they've all gone
silent he finally finds his friend but by then
it's too late this color explodes leaving
riso here the sole survivor and lucky winner
of this death game this is the worst possible
outcome but keep in mind these games won't stop
i'm taking all these weapons back with me this is
seriously tragic but if i were a resu gear i would
channel my grievant rage into the games from now
on i'm building a pre-built strategy for each suit
of cards and training every day so that this never
happens again workouts aerobic endurance solving
riddles and building a new team i can trust this
is what i'm focused on that way my friends won't
die in vain and i get more time on my visa the
climber girl from the tag game finds the gamer
lying in the street and looking miserable so
she takes him back to her shelter for food and
a pep talk even though she's been through her own
hardships she still keeps going and he should too
whether he's ready or not his visa will expire
today and they both must join another game
stay alive that night the two of them head to the
next game in this tunnel where they find a bus
in the road inside there are three other men on
board and one of them has an injured leg they
find out this game is called distance with the
difficulty of four of clubs and clubs is a team
game now his injured leg is looking like it might
put them all at risk if he can't contribute their
phones tell them to reach their goal in two hours
and shows a distance counter which starts at zero
this is the time to explore the parameters of the
game i would walk both backwards and forwards to
see how the steps are counted to get a clear
indication of which direction the goal is one
of the other players realizes that this older bus
doesn't need electricity to start so they could
drive to their goal unfortunately there's no gas
so they'll have to run the injured man tells his
friend to go on without him reassuring them that
he'll find his own way to survive and they leave
personally i hate running so i would have spent a
little more time investigating gas options closer
to the bus maybe even pushing it to the next
car so we don't waste time going back we also
don't know how far away the goal is so this bus
might be our only option if this is a club's game
i'm inclined to strategize as a group so i might
have them all scout the tunnel to find gasoline or
other working cars with keys left inside by the
time they reach 5000 meters they're exhausted
okay this is already a clear sign that you're
doing something wrong so far you're physically
drained and you're not working as a team and if
this is a club's game then you need to rethink
your approach because the strategy needs to match
the card suit they push forward making good time
on their jog but then they see something coming
in the distance and realize it's a panther they
split up dodging underneath cars and behind doors
as one of the guys gets evolved to death they find
a flare inside of a car and manage to scare it
off but they have to keep going managing to escape
the remaining survivors see a truck with a royal
enfield on it a motorbike that uses diesel fuel
it can't be started without electricity they don't
have the key but the gamer realizes that if they
can take this back to the bus they can refuel it
and take the injured player straight to the goal
the girl and the player keep going while risu gear
runs back with the motorbike diesel engines use
compression ignition and gas-powered cars use a
spark plug to ignite the fuel but they can still
use regular gas to power diesel cars so using
this motorcycle was a great idea but it's also
completely unnecessary the other two have made it
to the end only to find the steel ball leaking out
water and it's about to burst they're duped this
is no joke a water like this can crush you quickly
because one liter weighs a full kilogram i would
have jumped in the car because a steel frame could
protect me and i might be carried down the tunnel
the man trips and gets caught in the incoming
flood leaving the climber to her impending death
but then she sees the bus in the distance arisa
over there has managed to refuel it and leans
out to catch her arm she grabs on to him in the
nick of time as the waters tip the vehicle over
knocking them out they climb out of the bus they
see that it was the goal this whole time those
numbers were indicating how far away they were
from it now if we had looked for the gas tank door
to begin with we would have seen the giant sign
that says gold but even if we missed that pushing
the bus to the next car for gas would show the
distance meter remaining at zero giving us clear
indication that we're finding exactly where we are
outside the gamer tells her about a place called
the beach his friend heard about on the walkie
talkie and proposes they look for it they don't
exactly know what to expect but they're bound to
find some answers but i gotta say if i figured all
this out about diesel cars you could be damn sure
i'm not gonna be riding a bike anymore leaving
the greater tokyo area they're further from the
convenience of the city their loan supplies and
the gamer has three days on his visa they spend
the night in the park and the girl teaches him
how to hunt and track wild boar there's a lot we
can learn from this girl she's a survivor and has
more experience in nature climbing hunting camping
and cooking we need to learn as much as we can
because you never know when you might lose another
friend i would also be scouting all the possible
venues on my new surroundings because the more
familiar we are with them the more advantage
it will have in the games like places to hide
or tactical positioning that night despite a group
of participants about to play a death game and
realizes these players are all wearing locker keys
on their wrists just like those guys in the tag
game something is going on and they have to get
to the bottom of it this is clearly an organized
society of players and i wouldn't trust any of
them life and death scenarios bring out the worst
in groups because they collectively take advantage
of others finding ways to blackmail and trap you
in they follow them to a hotel that surprisingly
has running power unlike everywhere else in the
city but as their spine someone sneaks up from
behind and knocks them out i would really try to
be a little more secretive about it i would have
taken the locker bracelet from the killer in the
tag game and used it to try passing as a member
to find out more they wake up to these people in
swimsuits interrogated them the gamer admits
they're here to find answers this guy hat or
claims he has them as he reveals the small line of
giant playing cards he explains that if they clear
the games and get all the cards one lucky person
can go back to the normal world this is where the
beach was created to form a giant team of players
that collect cards and they have no choice but to
join up i'm not buying it what if a single person
needs to earn all 52 cards himself in order to
escape this rule isn't advertised and they simply
don't know groups like this aren't interested
in governance or equality or representation it's
always about power and survival don't get involved
this is fool's gold and the truth is the more
people around you the more to stab you in the back
on the plus side these guys have fuel electricity
water and guns so if we're caught we should take
advantage they have three rules everyone must wear
swimsuits as that way no weapons can be hidden any
cards one in the game will be taken and if anyone
breaks the rules or portrays the mission they'll
be executed they want to test the resu gear to see
what he's made of this scientist woman is here to
observe his decision making the group enter this
room filled with water and a massive transformer
above them the name of the game is light bulb
difficulty four of diamonds the goal find out
which of these three switches turns on this light
but you can only flip one switch with the door
open however if someone is in the room with the
bulb the door won't close they can only answer
once and if they get it wrong or the water touches
these electrical wires they die the water begins
to rise and orisa gear isn't sure what to do but
he thinks he can eliminate the wrong answer easily
by quickly the first switch with the door open
the problem is if it doesn't turn on the door will
close and they won't be able to confirm which of
the remaining switches works the lady challenges
them is it worth risking all their lies on chance
the water is up to their waist so they have no
time to argue so oriso over here goes to flip a
but he thinks about what's been said there's one
chance to keep the door open to confirm that the
light is on or not and he has an idea they close
the door first and flip switch a then flip switch
b with the door open no light he has the player
touch the bulb and it's hot switch a is the answer
a reset here solves a puzzle in the nick of time
and he's proven his work there is one thing they
didn't think of though this game gave them phones
of waterproof cases and we saw in the first game
that they can record video i would put the phone
in the room and face it at the light to close the
door and flip every switch recording the sequence
on the phone to tell which one the light is all
players return to the beach and the leader wants
to talk to the gamer he's impressed by his wit and
invites him to a meeting with the executives in
the meeting the leader brings up that he needs to
renew his visa and the soldier shares a look with
his men these people are dangerous and it looks
like there's a rivalry that we do not want to get
in the middle of and if i'm a result here i don't
want to be caught in someone else's drama because
if we get close to someone else's enemy and we put
our lives at risk the strategic move is to stay
low stay humble and wait for your chance to slip
out unnoticed and forgotten the next day the girl
warns the gamer that the militants are keeping an
eye on them when they start thinking about escape
he goes around asking different people what they
know about this world and learns that there might
be lasers surrounding the entire country he
scouts on the compound and hears gunshots
around the corner he sees some militants near a
dumpster waiting for them to leave he peeks inside
and finds a pile of dead bodies then a stranger
shows up the same person from the game attack
he explains that this is what happens when you
betray the beach and wants to do something about
it he has a proposal for the gamer steal all the
cards from the leader and leave this place for
good it's a dangerous plan but he feels he must do
something the gamer agrees and tells us from the
plan luckily she knows where the guns are stored
but they're heavily guarded later he's called to
an urgent meeting and finds out that the leader of
the beach is dead he died from a bullet wound and
they all wondered did he die from the games or was
he murdered the militants threatened the others to
elect the soldier agony and they have no choice
this is the time to steal the cards and escape
orissa here is upstairs looking for the safe and
after finding it it inputs the code that this
guy tells him but it doesn't open the militants
catch him in the act this was all a part of this
guy's plan the gamer was being used to find out
where the actual safe is being kept in the room
we should know that all people shouldn't be
trusted and everyone is dangerous there's
also a better way to escape in the beach's regime
change everyone will be distracted enough for two
involuntary members to escape i would be looking
for that opportunity more than worried about the
legacy of a place i don't even want to be in a
resource gag was bound in a room he's going to
be here until his visa expires and no one will
be coming to rescue him meanwhile the stranger
returns to open the real safe find the box
of all the playing cards collected the girl
gets dragged into a room by the second in command
and this guy is ready to do some terrible things
when luckily the power of the entire resort goes
off confused they all look around and find a game
sign in the room all the exits to the beach have
been closed off with lasers the entire hotel has
become the arena for a whole new game difficulty
10 of hearts the last remaining new world card
everyone rushed to the lobby to grab a phone but
in the middle of the chaos the girl season woman
has been stabbed and everyone goes quiet the game
is called witch hunt and they have two hours to
discover who killed the girl and burned them to
death the members interrogate the dead girl's
friend they find it suspicious that she wasn't
with her since they're practically inseparable
she claimed she was in her room but they don't
believe her and get ready to burn her at the
stake and she's saved when the executive members
step in okay this is a classic whodunit and we
have some information to work with here first
of all this is a hardscape the most dangerous
kind because the gamemaker wants everyone
to turn on each other and that's exactly
why we can't do that there might be an obvious
choice but it also might be a trick of the game
now this girl was stabbed with an ordinary knife
and all the militants have firearms and samurai
swords we also know where they dump the dead so i
don't think it's them the best answers are with a
friend because we can learn about any behavioral
changes or if someone was stalking her or even if
she was being blackmailed to do something they
all start accusing each other when the soldier
agony finally steps in and threatens to kill
everyone if the real witch doesn't step forward
his second in command fires his gun and sends the
crowd scattering okay the key to winning here is
to understand the game maker's design they will
play tricks on the mind and have you so focused
on your own survival that you don't see the big
picture so first we have to consider if there's a
way where no one has to die at all now we already
conveniently have a dead body i would throw her
into the fire first to eliminate every possibility
before extreme measures are taken the girls run
away to look for the gamer who is still tied up
meanwhile the swordsman is pouring gasoline in
the basement they're going to burn this place to
the ground the dreadlock girl finds the forensic
scientists snooping around she's looking for
superglue to get prints off the murder weapon
which is really smart but i would tell her to find
out where the knife came from and find out who's
been there recently instead the second in command
gets into a face-off with a shady guy who points
out the power supply at the beach has changed
since this witch hunt started meaning someone
working for the game has infiltrated the resort to
switch the power the only people who have access
to the power supply are the executives the shady
guy rushes the gunman and sets him on fire with a
diy flamethrower meanwhile a researcher scrapes
the tape off his mouth and calls out for help
luckily his friend hears him crying and tracks him
down to the stool she rescues him and catches him
up to speed he thinks the witch is also a player
in their own game having to kill the girl and stay
undetected that's when he realizes he's looking
at this the wrong way he should be thinking like
the game designer they knew the leader died
and used the chaos to set this game up the
witch could abort the victim's body an hour before
this all started and he thinks he knows who it is
there are 15 minutes remaining and the witch
still hasn't been found the remaining members are
cornered in the lobby where the leader orders his
men to kill everyone but they're stopped when the
gamer arrives they know he's on the witch because
he's been tied up the whole time he begs the
leader to work together to find the murderer and
gets attacked surprisingly the soldier confesses
that he's the witch and arisu calls him a liar but
he knows a soldier did kill someone and it wasn't
the girl it was hatter the beach's old leader the
soldier's eyes tell him all he needs to know the
knight had her wing to renew his visa the soldier
shot him in self-defense arisu here has figured
out there's one way to beat this game without
killing anyone that's if the girl killed herself
this revelation makes the new leader outraged as
he starts fighting everyone but they're running
out of time it must put an end to this before they
all die the witch's friend knows a way to stop
this and getting everyone's attention announces
that she's the dealer of this game a laser pierces
through her head and kills her instantly shocking
the beach the silence okay what the hell is a
dealer there's clearly some things that others
know about this game that we don't and she just
got killed for telling us the forensic scientist
appears and confirms that the murdered girl did
in fact kill herself because the fingerprints had
a reverse grip on the knife then someone starts
shooting at them it's the second in command still
alive he fires into the crowd but his rampage is
stopped by the soldier taking several bullets as
he picks them up and carries them into the smoke
with three minutes remaining the group carries
the witch's body to the fire and they all clear
the gate watching as the beach resort burns up
but the shady guy comes back inside to add the
ten of hearts to his collection all that's left
are the face cards and it will be a complete set
the next day the gamer and the climber girl look
for answers on it they find a confession that
they were both dealers a group specially chosen
to set up the games sometimes acting as taggers
or pretending to be other players and they'll be
killed if anyone finds out who they actually are
there must be other people who are dealers
pretending to be players this really sheds a
new light on everything we've seen maybe this
chick was a dealer and wanted to make sure
everyone was killed in the hearts game and this
guy who really stayed on the bus and insisted
his friends leave was actually a dealer who set
up the game for his own benefit we need to be more
suspicious of others than ever before in one of
the videos the two girls go through the subway and
revealed the dealer's secret base it's a massive
surveillance room where others like to watch
the games and just like the players these dealers
have to play games for their visas too they trace
the girls step navigating the metro tunnels and
find the door to the secret base has been opened
someone has gone here before them finally
dealers are dead and their computers powered down
that's when the shady guy and the dreadlock
girl find them he realized the drawing on the
note he found was actually a road map of this
subway station and came here to find out what
happens when they get all the cards but instead
found these people dead it concludes that there's
someone above the dealers who is controlling the
games the computer screens suddenly turn on for
a special urgent broadcast and to everyone's
surprise it's presented by one of the beach's
executives she worked for the games this whole
time she congratulates all the players for the
victory and announces there's a prize courtesy
of her team tomorrow at noon there will be a
new round of games but this time they're playing
for the face cards they now begin to see there's
a grand design to this whole thing and this woman
has the answers they're looking for as they make
their way outside they look up and see a giant
blimp carrying a massive king of spades city-wide
more of these zeppelins fly in with face cards
of their own the next stage has officially begun